Gimmes and Mulligans during game setup for The Pasture should only have 1 option: Earned on the course
On the caddy shot callout following a shot on a hole, TTS is reading out ## that I think is part of the MD, but from a screen reader user perspective, if we are not in an environment where we are specifically looking for MD with hashtags as heading markers, well, if we can remove that from the callout but leave it there for the round report with Shift C and such, that would be ideal.

hole2:
First LZ is 360 yards out, we need one for standard driver at 250.
Choke should be reset to normal after usage on a prior shot
on my 2nd shot, I was hitting out of sand but I think the shot callout on shot 2 indicated that the shot was out of the rough. Pressing L before shot 2 
	
might think about switching to default ambient background on the green for hole 2.

Should have "Press Enter to Go To next hole" callout every 15 seconds after hole is done so if a player steps away and comes back they know what to do.

Hole 3:
We need to work on the Hole callout, nothing this was done before we really started dedeveloping holes so the initial callout doe not have the hole name or even mention the free chicken and such. we may need to brainstorm a backstory for the first 3 holes like we were doing over the rest of the course. Check this stuff for holes 1 through 3.


LZs need a lot of work for this hole, probably totally redone.

We need a better way to indicate hazards in the hazards list, it's confusing at times as it seems to indicate that I am within a hazards edges but I'm not aimed at the hazard.
We need to identify the 2 bunkers on hole 3, maybe left bunker and right bunker.
I think as we ended up using actual distances and actual objects as visual hazards later that we need to go back through holes 1 through 3 and make things like the chickens on hole 3 distance is n/a now and need to have a distance off the hole but a real distance.

The hole callout for 3 needs to explain the Free Chicken concept where the player can lay up on purpose to get the free gimme/mulligan
let's put the Focus options in alphabetical order, consider putting bump and run here or another thing to make shots hit and release.

hole 4:
need to make sure the caddy understands mud.
probably need some dispersion on longer putts. I made one fro 80 feet on hole 4, should look into that.

hole 5:
need work on the hazards list. the chicken coop should be the first one as it is closest. The  bunker 2nd  asit is in play and the chickens set off as visual hazards with actual distances but not in play

ball alignment needs reset after each shot too

on my 2nd shot on hole 5, it said "you went through the canopy" which there should not really be trees there, so don't know what Ihazard I went through.
probably should switch to default farm background when all players on the green for hole 5

After hole 5, I did a quit game and saved it. Then restarted and it did put me on hole 6, but the ambient music and ambient background did not start.

hole 6:
I don't know if the caddy understands the wind as the bots seem to way underclub.
I wonder aabout my first shot on this hole as it seems to have gone pretty far.
yeah, i followed the caddy advice on shot 2, and did ok with p/h/i and ended up way short.
mthe bots were a little crazy getting up on the green.
my chip shot seemed like it should have ended up a lot closer

